For conclusions

Garvin defines User perceived quality as the combination of
product attributes which provide the greatest satisfaction to
a specified user.

 Quality in use in ISO DIS 14598-1 as the effectiveness,
efficiency and satisfaction with which specified users can
achieve specified goals in specified environments.

Quality in use is the objective, product quality is the means of achieving it (ISO 14598-1).

1.3:

Services need to be described and understood in terms of both functional capabilities and service quality properties [4]

Service quality combines several service properties as security, availability, response time, etc., and generally are seen as distinctive success factors for service providers. 

It is generally agreed that service quality is multi-level and multi-dimensional concept that means different things to different people [5].

It is no longer sufficient to simply provide technically excellent software products.

Assessing the quality in use allows owners to estimate how usable a product might be and the satisfaction of the user.

To assess quality in use, it is first necessary to define a model, taking into consideration an ISO standard, for example.Perception of quality in use must be measured in terms of results on using a software, not properties of the software itself.
——————

Continuous improvement on quality of services increases customer satisfaction, this is vital for companies in order to survive on the market

Quality has become important and recognized, nevertheless, what remains understudied are both its concrete conceptualization and measurements.

To increase customer base in e-commerce it is important to implement and contin-uously review the quality of e-services.

service portals need to understand user needs more than government's perspectives or interests.

1.	Users expect quality services, the online dimension is no exception

2.	Quality of services should be analysed and accounted for, in order to maximize and to develop strategies that improve offered services, increasing the satisfaction levels of their consumers.

4.	The perspective of user concerning the quality of the service is fundamental to measure satisfaction.

5.	It is important to have a model to measure quality of services.

it is believed that the success of organizations will depend on the quality e-services provided.

multi diemnsions suitable for measuring e-service quality in e-government domain have been identified and the relationpship between those diemnsions and user satisfaction and trust respetively have been proposed.

A conceptual model for understanding the quality of e-services has been proposed. The model dimensions are proposed based on the literature and the previous researches in the same area. The selected dimensions my have various effects on service quality. The dindings will lead to build a proper scale to measure the quality of e-services, which asist to improve the performance and effectiveness of e-services to achieve the satisfaction of the users. Therefore, it will lead to attain a competitive advantage for the universities in their respective target markets.





