The way on how immaterial goods are delivered to users is giving remarkable opportunities to business over the Internet. 


Service quality is one of the key factors in determining the success or failure of e-commerce


Compatibility: the ability of machines, specially computers, or computer programs to work successfully with other machines or programs.

Reusability: degree of which an asset can be used in more than one system, or in building other asssets.

———————————————

In this thesis work a conceptual model is presented in order to understand qualitative characteristics of e-services in four dimensions (1) Accessibility, (2) Usability, (3) Efficiency, and (4) Security.

The e-services State-of-the-Art meta-model


Reliability in the offline context is defined as “ability to perform the promised service accurately and dependably” [5]



 On this chapter we define each of the four dimensions considered for this thesis work, previous researches related to e-services in different applications as e-commerce, e-government, etc., have shown that Accessibility, Usability, Efficiency and Security are the minimum required diemnsions to perform any study on understanding quality on e-services.

Relationships between e-service qualitative characteristics and AUES quality dimensions



Procedure model for a single e-service




One of the main obstacles in an online environment development is the lack of confidence stimulated by the deficiency of security and privacy [38].

Since the  quality and context for all the different types of e-services are different it is not possible to have the most generic way to measure the quality of any kind of e-service, but it is possible to understand the qualitative characteristics of e-services, as starting point on the quest and definition for evaluating the quality of e-services.


According to Kim et al., on system availability dimension of E-S-QUAL is a significant element to ensure that techinical functionality of the website is properly working which may direct to high user satisfaction and good productivity [40].

Note: A way of thinking on the user quality perspective and expectations (Quality in use model components) was strongly considered for creation of conceptual model for understanding e-services qualitative characteristics.

 The main purpose of the software quality model is to specify and assess the level of quality of a product through internal measures of inherent properties of the software, and through external measures of the behaviour of the system of which the software is part [28].

A trustworthy service is considered to have as minimum a set of elements, those are: preserve and respect the privacy concerned to its users, be reliable and be delivered with the top level business integrity.

Product quality model represents the characteristics expected by e-services users.

Reliability Comprises four items related to accurate online transactions, accurate records, correct performance and fulfillment, correct performance and fulfillment of promises [44]. 

For the state of the art:

, on the other hand all the studies propose different dimensions for evaluating e-service quality, but there is no proposed reference considering which are basic and common dimensions for understanding the quality of e-services. 

There are different models suggesting different dimensions, and measurement instruments (Table 1) for determining quality of e-services, 





•	Customer Service consumers expect to be able to complete transactions correctly, to receive personalized attention, to have the product delivered on time, to have thier emails answered quickly and to have access to information. Management should ensure these expectations are met in the best way possible [47].












